documentary form, model or any other
Disclosing
designated to show expressly or by necessary implication that it is imparted in confidence. Any
Confidential Information disclosed by the Disclosing Party or its Representatives orally or visually,
na
dentif
prior
disclosure
writing
orovided
by the
exchange
Confidential Information in the form of certain scientific,
technical and commercial information, that will include confidential and proprietary material
relating to
(the "Field) and the Receiving Party may use this Confidential
Information for the sole consideration of assessing whether to enter into a potential or proposed
business collaboration with the Disclosing Party for the joint development of the technology
(the Permitted Purpose)subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement.
The above parties hereinafter collectively referred to as the Parties and individually as a
"Party".
ntid
tIor
pertaining to the Field, including but not limited to inventions; know-how; trade secrets;.
techniques; processes; designs; drawings; product designs; formulae and analysis; and any
business information, including but not limited to price lists; customer lists; cost analyses;.
reports; surveys, market information and data..
is Confidentiality and Non-Disclosure Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the Agreement
dated
"Effective Date") is made by and between:
IT IS AGREED as follows:
OISAIR PROJECT
1)
<Research institution name>with registered offices located in
Tax
registration No
,represented by
,in the legal capacity as
Hereinafter referred to as 
<Company name>with registered offices located in
Tax registration No.
represented by
,in the legal capacity as
Hereinafter referred to as "

<Research institution name> with registered offices located in
Tax
registration No
,represented by
in the legal capacity as
Hereinafter referred to as "
2
<Company name> with registered offices located in
Tax registration No.
represented by
,in the legal capacity as
Hereinafter referred to as 

--- Page Break ---

The obligation of confidentiality set out in this Agreement shall not apply to any Confidentia
Information that:
Representatives" shall mean directors, employees, professional advisors or anyone involve
vith the Party in a professional or business capacity.
Disclosing Party" shall mean the Party that discloses Confidential Information directly c
ndirectly to the Receiving Party in relation to this Agreement.
 Parties shall use at least the same degree of care as the Receiving Party normally exercises t
Dtec
e of disagreement regarding said summary, the Receiving Party shall make any objections ir
avs of receipt of the written summar
The Receiving Parties undertake and agree
Receiving Party shall mean the Party that receives the Confidential Information directly ol
indirectly from the Disclosing Party.
2.Exclusions
4.Disclosure to Representative
3.Obligations of confidentiality and non-us
a)
To take proper and reasonable measures to ensure the secrecy of the Confidential
Information;
b)
Not to disclose, or allow it to be disclosed, in whole or in part to any third party without the
prior written consent of the Disclosing Party.
c)
Not to use, in whole or in part, the Confidential Information for anything other than the
Permitted Purpose.
d)
Not to use the Confidential Information for their own commercial use or for that of an
other person or party, without prior written consent by the Disclosing Party;
e)
Not to make copies of the Confidential Information in any format without prior writter
authorisation by the Disclosing Party;.
Not to alter, modify, disassemble, reverse engineer or decompile any Confidential
Information;
nfidential Information
P.
was known to
to such disclosure by the Disclosing Party, as
evidenced by documentary or other physical evidence;

was public knowledge at the time of such disclosure to the Receiving Party, or becomes
public knowledge after such disclosure, through no action or omission by or on behalf of the.
Receiving Party;

is lawfully disclosed or made available to the Receiving Party by a third party having no.
obligation to the Disclosing Party to maintain the confidentiality of such information;
1)
was independently developed or derived by the Receiving Party without the aid, application
or use of information furnished by the Disclosing Party, as evidenced by documentary o
other physical evidence;
el
is disclosed with the written consent of the Disclosing Party;
is required to be disclosed by the order of a governmental agency or legislative body or a
court of competent jurisdiction

--- Page Break ---

Ihe ReceivingParty acknowledges and agrees that the Confidential Information is and remain:
the property of the Disclosing Party. The Receiving party must, at the end of this Agreement or
within seven days following written instruction by the Disclosing Party to do so, return or destroy
all Confidential Information in the Receiving Party's possession, custody or control. The Receiving
Party may retain one (1) copy of any such Confidential Information to be stored securely with its
Iegal representative only if required for regulatory or insurance purposes, but in this event the
confidentiality and non-use provisions in this Agreement remain in place with respect to such
retained Confidential Information. The return or destruction of any Confidential Information wil
not diminish or otherwise affect any other obligations under this Agreement.
easonable care
The Receving Party undertakes to permit access to tne Confidentlalinformatior
only to its Representatives or employees who require access to such Information solely for the.
fulfilment of the Permitted Purpose, and furnished on a need-to-know basis and only on the
condition that such persons are made aware of the terms of this Agreement and their obligations.
therein, along with the Disclosing Party's rights to the Confidential Information. The Receiving
Party shall be responsible for ensuring its Representatives comply with the terms of this.
Agreement.
nI9
Ondth
scope of the Permitted Purpose of the Confidential Information to the Receiving Party. This.
includes, but it not limited to any license, patent or copyright. No warranty, express or implied, i
given as to the accuracy or completeness of any Confidential Information provided by the.
Disclosing Party
his Agreement imposes no contractual obligation to any Party to enter into any separat
business collaboration for the development of the Field or associated technology. The Disclosing.
Party is not obliged to disclose any Confidential Information to the Receiving Party and the.
Receiving Party shall have the right to refuse to accept any information prior to any disclosure.
his Agreement shall terminate 5 (five)years after the Effective Date (the Termination Date
otwithstanding this, any Party may terminate its involvement with this Agreement by giving 3
thirty)days written notice (registered letter with proof of receipt) to the other Parties
ermination of this Agreement shall not affect any obligation imposed by this Agreement witl
n the event of a breach or threatened breach of the terms of this Agreement by the Receivin.
Party, the Disclosing Party will be entitled to seek an injunction (final or interlocutory) restraining.
the Receiving Party from committing a breach, or further breach, of this Agreement without the.
requirement to demonstrate any actual damage sustained by the Disclosing Party.
8.Breach
Integrat
5.Return of information and property
7.No obligation
10.Duratior
6.No implied rights

--- Page Break ---

espect to
ano
non-disclosure of Confidential Information shall survive for 3 (three) years from the date o
disclosure of the Confidential Information. After the term of this Agreement has ended, the.
Disclosing Party does not relinquish any other rights that it may have under copyright, patent, oI
other intellectual
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of the Republic
of Italy without regard to Italy's conflicts of Iaw rules. Any disputes or claim arising out of or i
connection with this Agreement shall be submitted to the sole competence and jurisdiction of
the ordinary Courts of Trieste.
e Parties agree that this Agreement and any subsequent amendments shall be binding on thei
V steps to ensure they are so bound..
 existence of this Agreement cannot be disclosed to any third party. It is thus forbidden t
and/orw
disclosure (advertising. publication, or any other kind of externa
his Agreement does not create any right enforceable by any person not a Party to it
n case of changes of the above addresses.
such other address that each Party may from time to time notify in writing to the other Part
For the attention oi
For the attention oi
ications will be deemed to be made at the effec
<contacts>
11. Agreement in counterparts
12. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
13. Successor and assign
14.Third parties
15. Communications
16.Secrecy

--- Page Break ---

ent bein
Ig in force nor of the potenti
ial co-operation that could be
greed by the Parties through their authorised signatorie
1.
-.

Date
Signed
Signee