WHEREAS BPS
and/or
representatives to have access to certain directory, student, and routing information for.
portions of the year 2017 for the purpose of supporting BPS in improving our routing
calculations and supporting the creation of more equitably and efficiently balanced school
bell times,
Vendor and its employees and/or representatives. Any individual person or organization
who is identified to receive and utilize the confidential information applicable to the related
Challenge, whether as an employee or representative, must be disclosed to and approved
by BPS and sign this agreement prior to commencing work on or engaging in participation
WHEREAS, VENDOI
have agreed and
inderstan
is hereby
acknowledged,
This Agreement refers to the transportation data challenge posted on the BPS
vebsite that will take place between April 1st, 2017 and June 30, 2017. This event is
described in greater detail in the Transportation Challenge Overview document available
on the BPS website, http://www.bostonpublicschools.org/transportationchallenge.
This Confidentiality and Non-Discl
oy and between
(hereafter referred to as Vendor) and the Boston
Public Schools, 2300 Washington Street, Roxbury, MA 02119 (BPS), each being a
Party and both being the entities of the City of Boston, hereinafter the Parties, to this
Agreement
WHEREAS, VENDOR and BPS desire to cooperate with each other in connection
with provision of such a solution.
NON-NEGOTIABLE CONFIDENTIALITY AND
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT:
TRANSPORTATION CHALLENGE 2017
DEEINITION

--- Page Break ---

to BPS and its students, only VENDOR and its employees or representatives will be given
OI
 have access to certain directory,  routing, and confidential student information
(Confidential Information) which may typically protected from disclosure with or
without prior consent by various laws including the Family Educational Rights and Privacy
Act (FERPA) 20 U.S.C.  1232g et seq., 34 C.F.R.  99 et seq., and 603 C.M.R. 23.00 et
seq. VENDOR acknowledges and agrees to comply fully with these federal and state
privacy and student record confidentiality laws. VENDOR, its employees and/or
representatives, hold the Confidential Information in trust for BPS's benefit, and shall, in
addition to their respective obligations hereunder, use best efforts at all times to adopt and
follow procedures and practices to protect the confidentiality of the Confidential
Information and prevent its disclosure to others without the express written consent of BPS
VENDOR further acknowledges that BPS's willingness to disclose Confidential
Information to VENDOR is predicated on VENDOR entering into and committing to abide
ully by
ig with potentially othe
corresponding names, or other
B. TERMS OF AGREEMENI
Student home location:
a.Address
b.Latitude and Longitude
.
Student characteristics:
a.School assignment
b.Ridership status (i.e., corner stop, door-to-door (D2D), or wheelchair)
c.Grade
3.Bus Stop Location:
a.
Corner intersection
b. Latitude and Longitude
X
Survey data relating to school preferences on start time

--- Page Break ---

a)
anc
procedures which protect Confidential Information through appropriate
administrative, technical, and physical security safeguards, and outline staff
responsibilities for maintaining data security,
b) Potentially encrypting all Confidential Information carried on mobile
computers/electronic/devices.
c) Potentially encrypting Confidential Information before it is transmitted
electronically.
d) Requiring that users be uniquely identified and authenticated before
accessing Confidential Information.
e
Establishing and enforcing well-defined data privilege rights which restricl
users access to the Confidential Information necessary for them to perform
their job functions.
f)
Ensuring that all persons accessing Confidential Information sign.
confidentiality agreement, and maintaining copies of signed agreements.
g)
Securing access to any physical areas/electronic devices where sensitive
data are stored.
h) Installing a firewall to permit or deny network transmissions based upon a
set of rules.
1
Installing anti-virus software to protect the network.

Nondisclosure. Nothing in this Agreement may be construed to allow any Party to
maintain, use, disclose, or share Confidential Information in a manner not allowed
under federal or state law or regulation, or outside the scope of this agreement.
Authorized vendors shall strictly comply with all federal and state laws that apply to
the use and release of Confidential Information, including but not limited to FERPA
and its regulations, set forth at 34 C.F.R.  99. VENDOR, its employees and/or
representatives, shall use the Confidential Information and routing data solely in
Jatab
nd wil
ncorporatesecurity
featureswithintheplatformtoensure
privacy
ane
confidentiality is maintained while providing the Parties the key information they
require to understand impact. The VENDOR, its employees and/or representatives
shall be responsible for transmitting all data or other record of all data requested.
and received pursuant to the Agreement, including confirmation of the return or.
destruction of data as described herein.

--- Page Break ---

Return or Destruction of Materials.
Upon reque
ume
/ENDOF
shall return all or such part of the Confidential Information as BPS may designate to b
returned. In addition, upon the completion of the services provided by VENDOR tc
BPS as outlined in this Agreement, VENDOR shall return or destroy, as BPS may
instruct, all Confidential Information in VENDOR'S possession or control, whether ir
connection with performance by VENDOR of the services provided to BPS as outline
by this agreement and pursuant to the Challenge Document and for no other purpose.
Neither VENDOR nor any of its employees and/or representatives, shall sell, release.
transfer, reprint, duplicate, recreate, disclose or permit the disclosure to any other.
person or entity of any of the Confidential Information or of any files, compilation
study, report or analysis or data base containing, based on or derived from the
Confidential Information without the express written consent of BPS, and in ful.
compliance with applicable state and federal privacy laws. VENDOR shall maintain
the privacy of protected personal information and shall be financially responsible, if
and to the extent that any security breach relating to protected personal information.
results from acts or omissions of VENDOR, its employees and/or representatives fot
any notifications to affected persons (after prompt consultation with BPS), and to the
extent requested by BPS, administratively responsible for such notification. VENDOR
shall protect the Confidential Information and shall not permit the release of such
information to parties other than BPS officials and their authorized agents.
Background Checks: VENDOR, its employees and/or representatives, acknowledge
that BPS reserves the right to conduct an appropriate background check on any and al
participants with access to the Confidential Information pursuant to this agreement.
Disclosure Sought Under Legal Process. VENDOR shall immediately notify BPS
(see below) in writing of any subpoena, court order or other legal process seeking oI.
purporting to compel disclosure of any of the Confidential Information and shall
challenge, oppose or appeal any such subpoena, order or legal process to the extent
deemed appropriate by BPS. In no event shall VENDOR voluntarily, without a court
order, disclose or permit the disclosure of any of the Confidential Information in
response to legal process unless and until VENDOR has given the required notice to
BPS and VENDOR has exhausted any and all legal remedies available to it to limit ot
prevent the disclosure.
D.
Notices: The following BPS representative shall be notified of any occurrence outlined.
in this agreement that so requires:
Name:
William Eger
Title:
Strategic Projects Manager
Email:
weger@ bostonpublicschools.org
Phone Number:
914-523-9675
Office Location:
Bolling Building
2300 Washington Street
Roxbury, MA 02119
Return or Destruction of Materials. Upon request of BPS at any time, VENDOR
shall return all or such part of the Confidential Information as BPS may designate to be

--- Page Break ---

printed, electronic c
any files, compilation, study, report, analysis or data base containing, based on or
derived from the Confidential Information.
Publication. BPS has the right to report, present, publish, or otherwise use data to.
which it has produced or received from VENDOR. Acceptable disclosure includes, but
is not limited to, disclosure of aggregate or de-identified data in reports anc
presentations, including for grant reporting purposes, disclosure of aggregate or de.
identified data to VENDOR, public entities and community based organizations, and
use of aggregate or de-identified data in program planning, evaluation and research not
related to the BPI initiative. VENDOR shall not publish, present, or use reports withou
explicit written consent from BPS. BPS has the right to review and require approval of
any publicly reported document prior to its release.
Disclosure, Breach & Penalties. VENDOR'S disclosure of Confidential Information
to third parties without BPS's authorization, or VENDOR'S failure to sign or comply
with this agreement or return or destroy Confidential Information per Provision 4
above, may constitute a breach of this Agreement and may result in the BPS or the U.S
Department of Education denying VENDOR access to Confidential Information and
other such penalties as dictated by law or equity.
F
Injunctive Relief. VENDOR acknowledges and agrees that the breach or threatened
breach by VENDOR, or its employees and/or representatives of their obligations unde
this Agreement will cause serious and irreparable harm to BPS that cannot be
adequately compensated by monetary damages alone and that BPS may seek injunctive
relief from an appropriate court to protect BPS from such harm without necessity of
bond or other security.
10. Immediate Notice. VENDOR shall give BPS immediate written and verbal notice of
any unauthorized use or disclosure of the Confidential Information, or of any breach or
threatened breach by VENDOR or its employees and/or representatives of theit
obligations under this Agreement, upon learning of same.
11. Appropriate Forum. VENDOR and BPS agree that this Agreement is entered into ir
the State of Massachusetts, and that the courts located in the State of Massachusetts are
the appropriate forum in the event any party seeks legal action or injunctive relief unde.
this Agreement. All parties consent to venue and personal jurisdiction in the
appropriate court in the State of Massachusetts.
12. Termination. BPS may terminate this agreement with VENDOR at any time, for any
reason, with either written or verbal notice. VENDOR must give the designated BPS
representative 3-day written and verbal notice of any termination of this agreement with
BPS. Termination of this Agreement, however, does not affect any Party's obligations,
duties or rights imposed or granted by separate instrument such as a grant or other
contract.

--- Page Break ---

13. Indemnification. Unless otherwise exempted by law, VENDOR shall indemnify and
hold harmless the City of Boston, Boston Public Schools, and its Departments, agents.
officers, and employees against any and all claims, liabilities, and costs for damages.
that the City may sustain which arise out of or in connection with VENDOR's
performance of this Agreement, including but not limited to the negligent, reckless ol
intentional conduct of VENDOR, its employees and/or representatives, officers, Ol
other related personnel. After prompt notification of a claim by the City, VENDOR
shall have an opportunity to participate in the defense of such claim and any negotiated
settlement agreement or judgment. The City and its departments shall not be liable fol
any costs incurred by VENDOR arising under this paragraph. Any indemnification ol
VENDOR shall be subject to appropriation and applicable law. Indemnificatior
specifically includes, but is not limited to, claims related to (i) the indemnifying Party's
improper sharing of data, (ii) improper use of data by the indemnifying Party or any ol
the indemnifying Party's employees, agents, officers, volunteers, or other related
personnel, or (iii) breach of the indemnifying Party's IT system.
14. Relationship of Parties, The VENDOR, its employees, and/or representatives shal
not be construed, deemed or otherwise held to be employees, agents, or officers of BPS
VENDOR and its employees and/or representatives shall not be entitled tc
compensation or other benefits that ordinarily accrue to employees of BPS. Nothing
herein shall create or be deemed to create any relationship of agency, association, join
venture, partnership as defined by law, or employer/employee between BPS and
VENDOR or its employees or representatives. Neither party shall have the authority
to bind or obligate the other in any manner, except as expressly provided in this
agreement.
15. Conflict of Interest.The parties attention is called to General Laws c. 268A (thc
Conflict of Interest Law). No party shall act in collusion with any other party, persor
or entity to circumvent such law.
16. Assurances. The Parties agree that all activity pursuant to this Agreement shall be ir
accordance with this Agreement and all applicable current or future federal, state, anc
local laws, and all applicable rules and regulations.
17. Termination. This Agreement shall survive the termination of the services to b
provided by VENDOR or any other agreement by and between the parties.
18. Severability. All of the provisions of this agreement are severable. If any provisior
of this Agreement is rendered invalid or unenforceable by State or Federal statute or
regulations or declared null and void by any court of competent jurisdiction, th
remaining provisions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect.
19. Entire Agreement: Amendments, This Agreement is intended as the complete, fina
and exclusive statement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and
supersedes any prior agreements or understandings between the parties hereto. This
Agreement may be amended, modified or supplemented only by a written agreement

--- Page Break ---

signed by VENDOR and BPS.Any waiver of the terms and conditions of this
Agreement must be in writing signed by the party granting such waiver and shall not
operate as a waiver of, or estoppel with respect to, any subsequent or other failure to.
perform.
and
endin
ing to be legally bound, the parties have executed
his Agr
individual of a particular vendor who will be
arkir