WHEREAS, in the course of its activities with VIDAR, Receiver will receive confidential
software and firmware) and its design, engineering, research, development, software
marketing, manufacturing processes, pricing and business plans.
Receiver has agreed
to receive such information on a confidential basis and to disclose it only as provided for
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained
herein, and of other good and valid consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is
hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree
as follows:
Confidential Information.The term "Confidential Information" means any and all
tangible and intangible information disclosed to Receiver in oral, written, graphic,
recorded, photographic, any machine-readable or in any other medium or form
relating to the intellectual property, management, operations, products, inventions
suppliers, customers, financials of VIDAR or any present or contemplated project,.
contract or relationship between VIDAR and Receiver, including without limitation,
any and all plans, Intellectual Property (defined below), know-how, computer
programs, software (source and object code), algorithms, computer processing
systems, techniques, methodologies, formulae, compilations of information, designs,
drawings, schematics, analyses, evaluations, formulations, ingredients, samples,
processes,machines,prototypes,mock-ups,product performance data,proposals
job notes, reports, records, specifications, manuals, supplier and customer lists and
information, licenses, the prices it obtains or has obtained for the licensing of its
software products and services, purchase and sales records, marketing information
or any other information concerning the business and goodwill of VIDAR and any
should be considered confidential under the circumstances.
information which is identified as being of a confidential or proprietary nature or
Receiver's Obligations. Receiver shall: (i) hold the Confidential Information in strict
confidence; (ii) use the Confidential Information only for the purposes as expressly.
directed by VIDAR; and (ili) provide such information only to those of its personnel
who: (y) have a need to know the same to further VIDAR's interests; and (z) become
a party to and bound by a confidentiality agreement at least as restrictive as this
Agreement prior to receiving any such information. Receiver will not disclose
Confidential Information to any party who do not meet the preceding requirements
Receiver shall use the same degree of care to protect and safeguard the
confidentiality of Confidential Information as it uses to protect and safeguard the
confidentiality of its own proprietary information, and Receiver represents, warrants
and covenants to VIDAR that such degree of care is reasonably designed to protect
the confidentiality of the Confidential Information.

--- Page Break ---

(a) was generally available at the time it was disclosed other than as a result of a
disclosure made by Receiver;
(b) was known to the Receiver at the time it received such information, as evidence
by contemporaneous documentation in Receiver's files;
(c) is disclosed with the prior written approval of VIDAR;
(d) becomes known to Receiver on a non-confidential basis from a source other tha
VIDAR without breach of this Agreement by Receiver;
(e) is disclosed to a third party by VIDAR without restrictions against non-disclosure
similar to those contained in this Agreement;
(f) is disclosed pursuant to the order or requirement of a court; administrative
agency, or other government body, provided Receiver takes all reasonable step
to keep the Confidential Information from becoming part of public records; or
(g) is hereafter independently developed by Receiver without the aid, application or
use of any Confidential Information;
provided for each that: (i)Receiver promptly notifies VIDAR of such action;and (ii) i
any action to enforce or remedy a breach of this Agreement, Receiver shall have th
burden of establishing the applicability of the subsection on which it relies..

Additional Receivers. An employee, director, officer, manager, member, partner,
affiliate,associate, agent, attorney, accountant, consultant, banker, business
adviser, financial adviser, scientific adviser or technical adviser of Receiver may
become a party to this Agreement by signing a counterpart hereof, a copy of which
shall be provided to VIDAR within five days of signature.

Intellectual Property
(a) Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as granting or conferring any rights
interests or intellectual property rights by assignment, license or otherwise,
relating to any Confidential Information in or for any intellectual property,
invention, discovery or improvement or derivative made, conceived or acquired
prior or subsequent to the Effective Date. Except for the limited right to use the
Confidential Information as set forth above, all intellectual property, patent,
copyright, trademark, trade secret and all other rights and interests in the
Confidential Information and the products, inventions, ideas, works, creation,
symbols, data, reports, opinions and all other concepts and materials developed
invented, reduced to practice, authored or created by Receiver (including
portions and derivatives thereof) in any medium arising from or relating to this
Agreement (Intellectual Property") shall be the sole and exclusive property of
VIDAR.
(b) All Intellectual Property that are original works of authorship shall be considered
works made for hire (as that phrase is used in Section 101 of the United States
Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C.  101 or analogous law). If any Intellectual Property is
found not to be a work made for hire and/or is owned by Receiver or any third
party, Receiver hereby irrevocably (and shall cause any third party owner to)
assigns and transfers all rights to and interests in suchIntellectual Property to
VIDAR without further consideration.

--- Page Break ---

Inteilectda
to VIDAR and shall
make and maintain adequate and current written records of all Intellectual
Property. Receiver agrees to take all actions, execute all instruments and fully
cooperate with VIDAR, its successors, assigns or nominees in which, in the
opinion of VIDAR, are expedient or necessary at any time to file, prosecute,
register, evidence, secure, maintain or litigate all such VIDAR rights and interests
in the Intellectual Property throughout the world, including all commercial, legal or
administrative proceedings involving the same. All expenses of applying for and
obtaining such rights and interests shall be borne by VIDAR. VIDAR'shall
reimburse Receiver for pre-approved expenses paid in connection with such
cooperation.
Return of Confidential Information. Upon the request of VIDAR or the termination or
expiration of this Confidential Agreement, Receiver shall promptly return to VIDAR
all copies of the Confidential Information and obtained by Receiver.

Disclaimer. Receiver acknowledges that the Confidential Information may relate to
processes or products that are developmental and may or may not have been
reduced to practical application in prototype form.Accordingly, Receiver
understands that neither VIDAR has made or makes any representation or warranty
as to the accuracy, completeness or value of the Confidential Information.
REPRESENTATIVES SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO RECEIVER OR ANY OF
RECEIVER AGREES THAT NEITHER VIDAR NOR ANY OF TTS
ITS REPRESENTATIVES RESULTING FROM RECEIVER'S ACCESS TO OR USE
OF THE CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.
Injunction. Receiver acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the Confidential Information
is proprietary to and valuable information of VIDAR; (ii) VIDAR derives economic
value from the Confidential Information not being generally known to other persons
who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use; (ili) any disclosure or
unauthorized use of the Confidential Information could cause irreparable harm and
Ioss to VIDAR; and (iv) if this Agreement is breached, VIDAR can not be made
whole by monetary damages. Accordingly, VIDAR, in addition to any other remedy
to which it may be entitled by law or in equity, shall be entitled to an injunction to
prevent further breaches of this Agreement and to an order compelling specific
performance of this Agreement.
Receiver shall reimburse VIDAR for all costs and
expenses, including attorney's fees, incurred by VIDAR in enforcing the obligations
of Receiver.
General. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with
the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia and all actions involving this Agreement
shall be brought in the state or federal courts located in the Commonwealth of
Virginia, to which the parties consent to jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties, their legal representatives,
successors and assigns.
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, neither this
Agreement, nor any rights granted hereunder may be assigned, transferred,
conveyed or encumbered, whether voluntarily or by operation of law, by Receiver
without the prior written consent of VIDAR (which may be granted or withheld in
VIDAR's sole and absolute judgment), and any attempt to do so will be deemed null
and void. This Agreement becomes effective on the Effective Date and continues in
effect thereafter for so long as any Confidential Information continues to exist.
VIDAR may terminate this Agreement at any time for any reason. Any provision of
this Agreement which is prohibited, unenforceable or not authorized in any
jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such

--- Page Break ---

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed by the following duly
authorized representatives of the parties:
provisions hereof or affecting the validity, enforceability or legality of such provision
in any other jurisdiction. This Agreement contains the entire understanding and.
agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter contained herein
supersedes all prior oral or written understandings and agreements relating thereto,
except as expressly otherwise provided, and may not be altered, modified or waived
in whole or in part, except in writing, signed by duly authorized representatives of the
parties hereto. The failure of either party to insist upon the performance of any of
the terms, covenants, conditions or provisions of this Agreement shall not be.
considered a waiver or relinquishment of future compliance therewith; nor shall a
waiver by either party of any breach or any term, covenant, condition, agreement or
provision, operate as a waiver of any other term, covenant condition, agreement or
provision. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by
different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed
shall be deemed to be an original and all of which when taken together shall.
constitute one and the same instrument.