Ihis CONFIDENTIALITY (NON-DISCLOSURE) AGREEMENT (Agreement) is made and
entered into this
day of
, 201, by and between BROOKS BOTTLING
COMPANY, LLC, a New York Limited Liability Company (BROOKS) and
CLIENT) (BROOKS and CLIENT are sometimes collectively referred to as the "Parties)
RECITALS
CONFIDENTIALITY (NON-DISCLOSURE) AGREEMENT
A.
BROOKS is engaged in the business of bottling products for various CLIENTS and has
entered into discussion with relating to establishing a business relationship in connection
with preparing and bottling certain of CLIENTs product(s). As such, BROOKS will
need access to certain personal, financial and product information relating to CLIENT
and its products.
B. CLIENT desires to maintain the confidentiality of all personal, financial and product
information disclosed to BROOKS. BROOKS is willing to receive all such personal,
financial and product information in confidence, and the Parties deem it to be in their
mutual best interest to protect such personal, financial and product information as
provided in this Agreement.
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises, agreements, covenants,
conditions and undertakings herein contained, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties
agree as follows:
Confidential Information
1.1 With the understanding that CLIENTs Formulations and Processing Procedures
are proprietary to CLIENT, to the extent that CLIENT shall disclose to
BROOKS personal, financial and product information, including their
Formulations and Processing Procedures (Confidential Information), then all
the Confidential Information disclosed to BROOKS shall be received by
BROOKS in confidence for purposes of this Agreement except as otherwise
provided under Section 3 below.
1.2 BROOKS, its directors, employees, agents and representatives shall not disclose
disseminate, publish, communicate or divulge any Confidential Information to
anyone outside BROOKS, or to any employee of BROOKS not having
reasonable need for access to such information, unless CLIENT expressly
consents to such disclosure in writing.

--- Page Break ---

Notwithstanding anything herein contained t
o the contrary,
 obligation ol
Exeenf
Representations and Warrantie
2.1 Each of CLIENT and BROOKS represents and warrants that neither th
discussions nor their anticipated business relationship do not and will n
any agreement which either of them may have with any other party.
2.2 BROOKS acknowledges that any failure by BROOKS to fulfill any obl
under this Agreement, or any breach by BROOKS of any provision her
constitute immediate and irreparable harm to CLIENT, which harm can
fully and/or adequately compensated in monetary damages and which v
warrant injunctive relief, an order for specific performance, or any othe
available equitable relief.
2.3 Under no circumstance will BROOKS approach any of CLIENTs Priv
Condiment Customers for BROOKS own benefit.
Exceptions
Notwithstanding anything herein contained to the contrary, no obligation of
confidentiality applies to any Confidential Information BROOKS:
3.1Already possesses;
3.2Develops independently;
3.3 Rightfully receives without obligation of confidentiality from a third pa
3.4 Inadvertently discloses where BROOKS has exercised reasonable care
consistent with the effort BROOKS exercises with respect to the preser
BROOKS' own confidential information;
3.5 Discloses Confidential Information with the prior written consent of CI
3.6 Discloses such Confidential Information to others which necessarily res
performing the services has contracted with BROOKS to perform.
In addition, no obligation of confidentiality shall apply to any Confidential
Information that is, or becomes, publicly available without breach of this A
or which is disclosed by the discloser to a third party without restriction.
COMPELLED DISCLOSURE. If BROOKS is legally compelled (wheth
regulatory request, deposition, interrogatory, request for documents, subpoe
investigation, demand or similar process) to disclose any Confidential Infon
BROOKS shall immediately notify the CLIENT in writing of such requiren
that the CLIENT may seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy al
2.1
discussions nor their anticipated business relationship do not and will not breacl
any agreement which either of them may have with any other party.
2.2 BROOKS acknowledges that any failure by BROOKS to fulfill any obligation.
under this Agreement, or any breach by BROOKS of any provision herein, will.
constitute immediate and irreparable harm to CLIENT, which harm cannot be
fully and/or adequately compensated in monetary damages and which will
warrant injunctive relief, an order for specific performance, or any other
available equitable relief.

--- Page Break ---

the CLIENTS expense, to obtain or assist CLIENT in obtaining any such protect
order. Failing the entry of a protective order to the receipt of a waiver hereunder,
BROOKS may disclose, without liability hereunder, that portion (and only that
portion) of Confidential Information that BROOKS has been advised by written
opinion counsel reasonably acceptable to CLIENT that it is legally compelled to
disclose; provided, however, that BROOKS agrees to use its best efforts to obtain
assurance, at no cost to BROOKS, that confidential treatment will be accorded su.
Confidential Information by the person or persons to whom it is disclosed.
Return of Material
Upon termination of the business relationship between the Parties, BROOKS shal
upon written request of CLIENT, deliver any records, data, information and other
documents, and all copies thereof, furnished by CLIENT to BROOKS. If CLIEN
does not request in writing the return of the above material, BROOKS will retain
material for three (3) years after which BROOKS is free to dispose of material if i.
desires and will do so after ten (10) days written notice to CLIENT.
Governing Law This Agreement shall be governed, construed and interpreted b
and in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.
Survival. This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect until the earliest o.
(a) one (1) year after the termination of the business relationship between the Part
or (b) any alternate termination date specified in a written amendment modifying
waiving the term of this Agreement..
3.
Headings. The headings of the sections of this Agreement are inserted for
convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part hereof or affect the
meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
S
Complete Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire and complete
understanding of the Parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and
supersedes all prior agreements, promises, covenants, arrangements,
communications, representations or warranties, whether oral or written, with resp
to the subject matter hereof. No subsequent agreements or contracts between the
Parties affect the obligations set forth herein unless this Agreement and the affect
sections are explicitly cited in writing..
10. Amendment and Modification. This Agreement may not be amended, modified
supplemented except by a written document of subsequent date hereto, executed t
each of the parties hereto, which explicitly references this Section 10.
11. Notice. Any and all notices required or permitted to be given under this Agreeme
shall be furnished in writing, and delivered either by hand delivery, by overnight

--- Page Break ---

repaid, return receipt requested, to the intended recipient at such party's last known
ousiness address.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have signed this Agreement as of the date
set forth above.
3ROOKS' BOTTLING COMPANY. LLC